[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
After a series of
harrowing battles,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives.
When only Doflamingo remained,
he threatened to massacre
everyone in the kingdom
with his deadly "Birdcage."
With Dressrosa's destruction
close at hand,
Luffy engages in a desperate
struggle against Doflamingo,
trading one powerful blow
after another.
Until, at last, the fate of
the kingdom is decided.
All right. King Kong...
All those who won't
obey me must die.
My Sixteen Holy Bullets
shall be your trial!
[DOFLAMINGO]
God Thread!
[yells]
...Gun!
[LUFFY yelling]
When I'm done,
nothing will remain!
[LUFFY yelling]
[LUFFY] "To Be Free!
Dressrosa's Delight!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[LUFFY panting]
[panting]
[LUFFY]
Huh. Well, that's kinda funny.
I wound up wearing
the same fighting costume
as this old guy.
But I gotta admit,
it does look cool.
And real manly!
Yeah, I like it, too.
You're such a great fighter.
I was really impressed
when I saw that last battle.
I swear. No matter
what it takes,
I will win this
competition today!
And with the power of
the Flame-Flame Fruit,
I'll kill Doflamingo!
[VIOLET] If you promise
to let my father live,
then I'll submit to you!
Please! Anything!
Just spare him!
[DOLDO]
Viola, wait.
Why place your faith in them?
They're criminals.
That's fine.
Our kingdom must be broken
down and its lies exposed.
They'll do that.
I trust them to
end this false peace.
So I'm betting everything
on the Straw Hats.
After all these years,
I don't want the Navy's help!
They have failed
our people enough!
But Straw Hat?
He acts on the goodness
inside his heart.
Even though he's a pirate,
he hasn't lost his humanity!
[LAW panting]
[GYATS gasps]
Room!
Shambles!
[ALL gasp]
[GYATS]
Oh! Someone saved him!
[REBECCA]
Lucy!
[VIOLET]
He's still breathing, isn't he?
[REBECCA]
Yes, he is.
Straw Hat.
[TOWNSMAN B] Look!
Nobody's up there anymore!
Hey, you're right.
So is it over yet?
[TOWNSMAN F]
What just happened?
[TOWNSMAN G]
Give us an update, Gyats!
[TOWNSMAN H]
Hey, Gyats!
[TOWNSMAN I]
We need a play-by-play!
[TOWNSMAN H]
C'mon, pal!
[TOWNSMAN I]
Are you listening?
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
You saw what happened, right?
[TOWNSMAN I]
Out with it already!
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Gyats!
[TOWNSMAN I]
Is Lucy okay?
[TOWNSMEN]
Tell us!
[GYATS groans]
[ATTENDANT A]
Watch out!
Be careful! Ah!
You've been yelling
too much-- Take it easy!
[ATTENDANT A]
You're still injured!
Step away! [pants]
I have a duty to fulfill.
The citizens are waiting!
Pathetic!
What kind of announcer am I
if I can't announce the winner?
Look, you two.
[ATTENDANTS gasp]
Look to the sky, Dressrosa!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Huh?
[pants] Watch it fade!
The Birdcage.
And also, Doflamingo's
reign over us!
[BOTH gasp]
[ESTA] It's got Humanitis!
This toy's broken!
Don't you recognize
my voice, Esta?
Why don't you remember
who I am? I'm not a toy!
Get away, you disgusting
little creep!
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND]
This is absurd!
Unhand me, you fiends!
I'm a human!
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND]
I'm finally free!
[ALL grunting]
[ALL gasp]
[INHEL]
We pushed it right over!
Huh?
[FRANKY]
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
See that?
Yeah!
[ALL gasp]
[panting]
[DOLDO]
The Birdcage is gone.
[ZORO panting]
[BOTH panting]
[ZORO]
Well, damn. He did it!
[KIN'EMON, KANJURO chuckle]
The sky! The sky!
It's clear again!
The view that I see
may look grim.
But it's not a town
that's been torn to shreds.
Not to me!
Rather, it as a land
of boundless freedom.
One of infinite potential!
Holy crapola. It's really gone.
Then, it's true!
[GYATS panting]
[ATTENDANTS]
Be careful!
The "Dressrosa Defensive War"!
Two thousand wicked pirates
from the Don Quixote Family
Versus
the fateful warriors who
gathered here from far and wide!
[GYATS] Culminating in a duel
between their leaders.
The Warlord,
Don Quixote Doflamingo
Versus
the beloved gladiator, Lucy!
[GYATS crying]
The winner is...
Say what?
[GYATS]
The winner...
[TOWNSMAN O]
Pull it together, man!
[TOWNSMAN P]
Just say it!
[GYATS]
The winner...
[TOWNSWOMAN B]
You can do it, Gyats!
[TOWNSMAN Q]
Take a deep breath!
The winner is...
[ATTENDANTS]
It's okay! We believe in you!
[TOWNSMAN R]
You got this!
[TOWNSMAN S]
Out with it already!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
Halt! Who's there?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Don't call for help.
[DOFLAMINGO] My name is
Don Quixote Doflamingo.
[DOFLAMINGO] Even if
you've forgotten, I have not.
Thus, I've returned to
take my place as your king!
Is there something that
we've done to anger you?
[DOLDO]
What could I possibly say?
Nothing can justify this.
We're done.
The kingdom is finished.
We fell right into
Doflamingo's trap!
[GYATS]
...winner...
[TOWNSMAN T]
You're wearing me down, here.
[TOWNSMAN U]
Enunciate, please!
[LUFFY]
Listen to me, Rebecca.
You can't start crying yet.
I won't let the solider die.
Be strong, okay?
I can promise you one thing.
I'm gonna give Doflamingo
the beating of his life!
Lucy.
[GYATS]
The... The... The...
The winner... [sobs]
The winner is...
[TOWNSMAN V]
He said it right!
[TOWNSMAN W] Okay, now finish
the sentence for us!
[GYATS]
The winner is...
...Lucy!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[TOWNSWOMAN C]
Thank you, Gyats!
[TOWNSMAN X]
And thank you, Lucy!
[ALL crying]
[TOWNSMAN Y]
We're alive!
--[DWARVES cheer]
--He did it!
Super!
[DWARVES]
Luffyland!
Luffy! [sobs]
[crying]
[BOTH crying]
He's really something,
that Straw Hat!
Yeah, he's a true man among men.
He touched my heart!
Oh, honey! That is
so sweet! [giggles]
[ELIZABELLO] Yeah!
Let's hear it for Straw Hat!
He's one of a kind!
[JEET, ABDULLAH cheer]
[LEO crying]
Robiland! Luffyland is great!
He's really great, isn't he?
Yes! Though he's already
proven that many times.
[cheering]
I wasn't scared at all!
[KIN'EMON]
Splendid work, Sir Luffy!
[KANJURO]
Remarkable, indeed!
[KIN'EMON]
I stand in awe!
Y'see?
Wonderful!
[DWARVES]
Fraland!
Nice work, bros!
You're all heroes, too!
[DWARVES]
Don't squeeze so hard!
[KYROS] Simple.
This kingdom's divided.
A country filled
with the forgotten,
and those who forget them!
Every toy you see
was at one point a human!
The Commander!
Those are the Little
People from Tontatta.
They will be fighting
Doflamingo with us.
Brother. I don't know
what's goin' on,
but you shouldn't
make a girl cry.
I know I'm just a toy.
But I must protect her.
These useless tin eyes of mine
can't even shed a tear for her.
He's been fighting on
his own for a whole decade,
but he never gave up,
and he never lost hope.
Look, this place may seem happy,
but these guys know
how dark it really is.
This little army
is brave as hell.
Staring down an enemy
that's pure evil!
I can't just leave 'em
to die. I'm sorry.
[LUFFY]
Franky!
Kick some ass out there.
[FRANKY]
Wow! Thanks, brother!
[WICKA, COTTON]
Don't cry, Fraland!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[KYROS]
You filthy pirate.
What did you do? Let him go!
Riku here was the one
burning the kingdom down.
It wasn't me.
The king would never
do such a thing!
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, you'll
wanna watch carefully.
You're witnessing history!
The final moments
of the Riku Dynasty!
[DOFLAMINGO] Crazy bastard
cut off his own leg!
It's Kyros! Please, believe me!
Sorry. I fear that name
doesn't ring a bell.
[gasps]
[DOLDO]
Regardless, I'll never forget
what you did
for me, toy soldier.
[KYROS]
Listen well!
My friends, this battle
is a chance for us
to reclaim our freedom,
and to restore the honor
of our dethroned King Riku!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
Kyros was your name?
Come with me, please.
I wish... this world...
would forget about me!
I fear I've failed to
repay your kindness.
[SCARLET] Kyros.
She's your child! Hold her!
[REBECCA giggles]
[KYROS]
These useless tin arms of mine.
I can't even feel your warmth,
one last time!
[REBECCA]
Help me, Soldier!
[KYROS]
Keep your hands off her!
You have taken enough from me!
[crying]
[NARRATOR]
The collapse of a kingdom
isn't always a tragedy
for its people.
In Dressrosa, even amongst
the piles of rubble,
the citizens there shed
tears of joy and relief.
[NARRATOR] Sabo burns
with anger towards Burgess,
who mocks the last words of Ace.
Meanwhile, Fujitora makes
a surprising declaration
that sends waves
across the entire world.
When the truth of
Dressrosa is exposed,
the future of the Navy
and pirates alike
may be transformed.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Unheard-of!
Admiral Fujitora's
Surprising Decision!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!